
Q:Write a 500-word explanation of Bitcoin stock-to-flow model and make an argument for why it is a bad model? 

A:The stock-to-flow model is a model created based on assumptions about the nature of scarcity and its relationship with demand. This model, as currently constituted, employs a scarcity ratio to determine the relationship between the in-flow of new resources and the total amount of a current resource percolating in the financial market space in order to forecast demand and estimate future valuation of a given asset/resource. It's primary assumption is that there is a direct relationship between the year-on-year production numbers and the level of demand for a given resource. Here 'stock' refers to the total amount of a given resource or asset currently in circulation while the 'flow' refers to the total number of said resource produced in a given period of time(usually a year). As with any predictive model, the stock-to-flow model is only as good as it's assumptions and it makes some pretty interesting assumptions. these include:- 

1- Demand is primarily driven by the total amount of new resource production and a rise in production foretells a drop in valuation of a given asset/resource. 

2- Scarce resources are more likely to be projectable due to the limitations inherent in producing/acquiring them and their conspicous lack of volatility as volume decreases. 

3- The supply rate of a given resource and it's unforgeable costliness is crucial to its sustained survival in a given marketplace. 

PlanB places specific emphasis on bitcoin's unforgeable costliness due to its electricity cost, it's supply cap which limits the total number of available coins, the difficulty in creating fake bitcoins, the halvening where the value of a mined block is halved after every 210,000 blocks or every 4 years when determining the potential of bitcoin within the context he frames.

 However, problems arise when you attempt to critically assess the prior stated assumptions and the analogies used in describing the relationships between stock, flow and valuation in resources such as the precious metals he name dropped. 

the problem with the first assumption is that Demand is elastic and predicated on factors including but not limited to: sell and buy pressure which determines the bid-ask spread, volume of transactions at any given time period which can be affected by anything from strong winds, the overarching economic industrial complex, political tsunamis, supreme court rulings and generally any action that affects human life. In bitcoin, we have seen regular bull runs and bear rushes present themselves even with a declining scarcity ratio.

The market is literally emotions and actions expressed as numbers. Smart models recognize the numerical representation of any undertaken action and  this is where the true value of hisotical data and backtesting exists, in being able to model volatility when specific actions occur and tying the numbers being returned to a given action to be undertaken. The nature of the 3 big V's of data(variety, velocity and variability) gives away its driving force and the decisionmaking behind a bull or bear run in my experience.  Therefore, i would argue this model is bad due to its reliance on on a few input variables which do not fully capture the nature of price action and trading volume.  



Q: Yara Inc is listed on the NYSE with a stock price of $40 - the company is not known to pay dividends. We need to price a call option with a strike of $45 maturing in 4 months. The continuously-compounded risk-free rate is 3%/year, the mean return on the
stock is 7%/year, and the standard deviation of the stock return is 40%/year. What is the Black-Scholes call price?

Y: The black-scholes model is employed to price european options and takes into account variables(volatility, type of option, underlying stock price, time to exp, strike price, and risk-free rate) relevant to european options. The model doesn't take into account that U.S. options could be exercised before the expiration date, it assumes a lot about the volatility and risk-free rate of a given option and the underlying asset from which it is derived. Employing this estimator against an option of a New York stock exchange traded asset is willful malpractice due to its usage being the first factor touted by any reputable financial/market information provider. Therefore, i would argue that the Black-Scholes call price for Yara Inc should be void. However, in my research, i uncovered some information stating that a variant of the black-scholes price model could be calculted for a non-dividend paying us option, therefore i have included a calculation using the BSM price model equation since i am not aware on which side you fall.

Q: Why is it a bad idea to use recursion method to find the fibonacci of a number?

A: Fibonnacci numbers are numerical values borne as the product of addition between the two numbers which precede them. The issue with recursion as a method for finding a fibonnaci number lies in implementation and efficiency. Most compiler/interpretive languages employ tail recursion method(passing a function within its own body but at the end of the functions lifecycle leading to a new call into the function when the end is reached.) when implementing recursion. The computational timeframe for finding our nth Fiboancci number is exponential for a recursive algo and linear for an iterative algorithm. Iteration as defined in books like 'algorithms and data structures' provides a more efficient way of iterating through values in a less resource intensive and time-consuming manner.  Recursion is a bad idea, due to there being more efficient and elegant solutions which solve the same problem in less time and while utilizing less resource. 
